Hey everybody.
In this lecture, we're gonna be going
over continuous uniform distributions.
So quick note about this.
You should look at the discrete
uniform distributions
notebook first before looking at this one.
All right.
So, when we took a look at
the discrete uniform distributions,
the probability of any
outcome was one over n.
So like a dice roll, one over six,
since there's six possible outcomes.
For a continuous distribution though,
your data can't be divided
into discrete components.
So for example,
when you're weighing an object,
with perfect precision if you
had a scale that could do that,
you could take the data on
a value between any two points.
So for example, let's say you're
weighing just a random block.
Well, it could weigh 5.4 grams, or
5.423, or 5.4232 etc.
Oops, let me change this here.
Okay.
So
with infinite precision,
there's technically
almost like an infinite amount of
values that weight could take.
So that means your n possible
values has a probability for
any individual outcome
of one over infinity.
This is for a continuous distribution.
So technically, that's undefined or
if you take the limit, it'll go to zero.
So we can only take probability
measurements on ranges on values,
not just on a specific point.
So for a continuous uniform distribution,
you can't take the probability
measurement on a single point because you
can keep dividing that point infinitely.
So you have to take it
on ranges of values.
So let's go ahead and
look into a definition here.
So a continuous random variable x
of a probability density function
is a continuous uniform
random variable when
your f of x is equal to
one over a b minus a.
So where x is in-between a and b.
So those are your lower bound and
upper bound values.
So that makes sense because for
a discrete uniform distribution,
the f of x was 1 over n.
But in this case,
we don't have a specific n possibilities,
so we have to use a range,
from the minimum a to the maximum b.
So the mean for
a continuous uniform distribution
is just the average of the min and
max, a plus b over two.
And the variance is defined
as b minus a squared over 12.
All right.
So let's go ahead and
take a look at an example problem.
Go ahead and red over the top
details a little more carefully
in case you didn't quite
get everything I just said.
So what does an example problem look like?
Let's say on average a taxi ride
in New York City takes 22 minutes.
You're doing a little experiment,
and after taking some time measurements,
you gather that all the taxi rides
are uniformly distributed between
19 minutes and 27 minutes.
So what's the PDF or probability density
function of a taxi ride, or f of x?
We can do this using Python.
So let's go ahead and
set our lower bound time.
A equals 19, since it was 19 minutes.
The upper bound is 27, and then we can
use our probability density function
that we covered over here,
one over b minus a.
So we'll set f x equal to 1.0.
Notice I'm using the .0
because this is Python 2.
And I'm gonna divide it by b minus a.
So then, the probability
density function results in,
if I print that result, 0.125.
Great.
We can also get the variants.
So I just following that
equation I covered over.
And the variants of that continuous
uniform distribution is five.
So let's ask,
probably a more interesting question.
What's the probability that the taxi
ride will take at least 25 minutes?
So this is gonna be
the same PDF as f of 27.
So the entire space, minus the probability
space of less than 25 minutes.
So to show you what I'm
talking about here,
we calculate the probability
space of 27 minutes,
and then the probability
space of 25 minutes, and
then we're gonna get
the range of 27 minus 25.
And so now we'll know that the probability
that the taxi ride will last at least
25 minutes is 25%.
So that's how you would do this manually,
but
you can use scipy to
do this automatically.
So, if you wanna use SciPy, you can
say from scipy.stats import uniform,
and then import NumPy as np.
So let's go ahead and
just set another A and B.
So we'll set a lower limit at zero,
upper limit at five.
And then in order to plot this,
I'm gonna set x equal to,
using NumPy linear space.
So I'll set x as 100 linearly
spaced points between A and B.
And then, I'll use uniform which
is what I just imported from SciPy
to create my distribution.
So I'll set it as rv equals and
then I'm calling uniform.
And the arguments uniform takes is
the starting point, and that's loc,
and then its end point which
you can set as scale-B.
So if I plot this PDF, I'm just gonna plot
it as x versus the probability density
function, so the method called .pdf on
that uniform distribution I just created.
So I'm making all these values, and
then I'm creating that PDF
on those values using x.
That's its argument there.
So I plot that out, and
I get a straight line.
So the line is at 0.2,
which is exactly what you would expect,
because if we follow the equation
that we have all the way up here,
one over b minus a, well that was just
the same as one over five minus zero,
which is the same as one over five,
or 0.2.
Okay, so
that's just a really quick overview
on continuous uniform distributions.
I know I went over it a little quickly.
But really, go ahead and
take your time and
look at this notebook yourself
a little more slowly.
If you still want more information
on continuous uniform distributions,
you can just go ahead and
check out these links here.
There's the Wikipedia link.
There's the SciPy documentation on
the uniform distribution there.
And you can also check out
the explanation on the uniform
distribution at MathWorld at Wolfram.
Okay.
Thanks.